---
layout: post
title: Project 1 Post
---

For this project, I was tasked to create a vignette about reading and summarizing JSON data. My first task in completing this project was to create a RMarkdown file and sync it to my GitHub account in its own [repository](https://github.com/Rmcolonn/Project-1) . My RMarkdown file starts off by explaining what JSON data is and then describing one of the packages that is used when using JSON data. After that, I wrote five functions that would pull various data sets and then did some exploratory data analysis on those data sets. I created a couple of tables, and some plots to showcase some of the aspects of the data sets. I did not find have any notable finding, but the one that I thought was interesting is that penalty minutes and wins seemed to have a positive relationship. After completing this project, I did some reflecting on the work I had done and the process of completing this project. If I were to do this again, I would use data sets that I had more knowledge about. I do not know much about hockey and so doing some of the data analysis was a tricky because I did not know what types of relationship I should explore and if they even had any meaning outside of this project. The most difficult part for me was getting my git setup and my repository synced with my project so I could show my progress over time. Overall, I enjoyed doing this project. It was difficult and frustrating at times, but I just took breaks when needed and tried to not get frustrated easily when something didn't work how I wanted. I now know how to create a repository and sync my work in R so that way I can work with others and collaborate more easily on projects. 

