---
layout: post
title: Blog Post 1
---

I have found myself researching and trying to find out more about data science a lot over the past year, and after reading these articles and thinking about conversations I’ve had with data scientists I still feel as though I still don’t have an answer to the question “what is a data scientist?”.  I agree with the articles and think that the role of a data scientist is about bridging the gap between a computer scientist, statistician, and subject expert in one role. This would eliminate some of the confusion and misinterpretation that can sometimes come up when working in a group of people from different subject areas. I think the major duties are to be able to come up with a model or analysis that can be used for extremely large datasets and then use the model and analysis to provide meaningful results. To go one step further, I think it not only has to provide meaningful results but I think that you also need to be able to explain those results to someone not in your field. There was one article that mentioned statistics being a crucial aspect of data science and I agree with that. I think that you need a good understanding of statistics, among other things, to be able to become a good data scientist. That being said I think that statistics can sometimes be more theoretical and have different ways of approaching problems compared data science. Since my academic background has been in statistics I see myself as a statistician, but I think going forward I would like to learn more about data science and maybe see myself as a data scientist someday. 

